And for this exercise,
what we're going to be
doing is we want to create
a flower petal for each movie.
And then we want to,
let's just same thing as before,
we're gonna color the petals
by the first movie genre.
And but we're also going to select the
type of flower petal based on the parental
guidance reading.
And so this is where and
we have our movies here.
And then we have our path object here.
So this is kind of our lookup
from the parental guidance
reading to our paths, strings and
then we have the same
color object with the mapping
from our genres to colors.
And we want to be able to translate
are petals, by a certain xy,
so that we can put them in this grid.
And I've kind of outsourced
that calculation for you and
you can just pass in the index to this
function called calculate positions.
And that will return an array of xy.
And you want to set the fill.
And you want to set the define attribute.
And so let's have your code be in here.
And this is what your end
result should look like.
Who that looks really cool, doesn't it?
And with the kinda fire flower
petal looks really cool.
And then let's come back and we'll do once
you have had a chance to
kinda put your code in here,
we will come back and
do the exercise together.